deftemplatesuffix: vlowres

storage:
  type: filetree
  
components:
  - class: org.dynmap.ClientConfigurationComponent
  
  #- class: org.dynmap.InternalClientUpdateComponent
  - class: org.dynmap.JsonFileClientUpdateComponent
    writeinterval: 2
    sendhealth: false
    sendposition: true
    allowwebchat: true
    webchat-interval: 3
    hidewebchatip: false
    trustclientname: false
    includehiddenplayers: false
    use-name-colors: false
    use-player-login-ip: true
    require-player-login-ip: false
    block-banned-player-chat: true
    #hideifshadow: 0
    #hideifundercover: 0
    hideifsneaking: false
    hide-if-invisiblity-potion: true
    webchat-requires-login: false
    webchat-permissions: false
    chatlengthlimit: 256
    protected-player-info: false
    hidenames: false
  
  - class: org.dynmap.SimpleWebChatComponent
    allowchat: true
    allowurlname: false
  
  - class: org.dynmap.ClientComponent
    type: chat
    allowurlname: false

  - class: org.dynmap.ClientComponent
    type: chatballoon
    focuschatballoons: false

  - class: org.dynmap.ClientComponent
    type: chatbox
    showplayerfaces: true
    messagettl: 20
    sendbutton: false

  - class: org.dynmap.ClientComponent
    type: playermarkers
    showplayerfaces: true
    showplayerhealth: false
    showplayerbody: false
    smallplayerfaces: false
    hidebydefault: false
    layerprio: 0
    label: "Players"
    
  - class: org.dynmap.ClientComponent
    type: coord
    label: "Location"
    hidey: false
    show-mcr: false

display-whitelist: false
renderinterval: 1800
renderacceleratethreshold: 30
renderaccelerateinterval: 0.2
tiles-rendered-at-once: 1
usenormalthreadpriority: true
saverestorepending: true
save-pending-period: 900
zoomoutperiod: 30
initial-zoomout-validate: true
tileupdatedelay: 30
enabletilehash: true
smooth-lighting: true
use-brightness-table: true
block-id-alias:
image-format: png
use-generated-textures: false
correct-water-lighting: false
transparent-leaves: true
ctm-support: false
custom-colors-support: false
skin-url: "http://skins.minecraft.net/MinecraftSkins/%player%.png"

render-triggers:
  - blockburn
  - blockbreak
  - blockfaded
  - blockformed
  - blockgrow
  - blockplaced
  - blockspread
  - chunkgenerated
  - explosion
  - leavesdecay
  - structuregrow

webpage-title: "NuciCraft DynMap"
tilespath: /srv/http/tiles
webpath: /srv/http
exportpath: export
disable-webserver: true
webserver-port: 25550
max-sessions: 5
allow-symlinks: true
login-enabled: false
login-required: false
timesliceinterval: 0.5
maxchunkspertick: 90
progressloginterval: 100
parallelrendercnt: 2
updaterate: 3000
fullrenderplayerlimit: 1
updateplayerlimit: 1
per-tick-time-limit: 50
update-min-tps: 18.0
fullrender-min-tps: 18.0
zoomout-min-tps: 18.0
showplayerfacesinmenu: true
grayplayerswhenhidden: true
player-sort-permission-nodes:
  - bukkit.command.op
trusted-proxies:
  - "127.0.0.1"
  - "0:0:0:0:0:0:0:1"
joinmessage: "%playername% joined"
quitmessage: "%playername% quit"
spammessage: "You may only chat once every %interval% seconds."
webmsgformat: "<%playername%> %message%"
showlayercontrol: true
check-banned-ips: true
sidebaropened: false
defaultzoom: 6
defaultworld: world
defaultmap: flat
persist-ids-by-ip: true
cyrillic-support: false
round-coordinates: true
msg:
    maptypes: "Map Types"
    players: "Players"
    chatrequireslogin: "Chat Requires Login"
    chatnotallowed: "You are not permitted to send chat messages"
    hiddennamejoin: "Player joined"
    hiddennamequit: "Player quit"
url:
custom-commands:
    image-updates:
        preupdatecommand: ""
        postupdatecommand: ""
snapshotcachesize: 500
soft-ref-cache: true
verbose: false
dump-missing-blocks: false
